Make multiple borders with box shadow (#120)
AllThingsSmitty/css-protips: README.md

<sup>[back to table of contents](#table-of-contents)</sup>

### Multiple Borders 

> You can use box-shadow to make a border effect, by making the the shadow offset and have 0 blur. Plus, by comma-separating values, you can have as many "borders" as you like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use multiple comma-separated box-shadows without offset or blur to add as many "borders" as you like:
```
Shortened. Removed doubled "the"

```css
div{
   background-color:yellowgreen;
   box-shadow:0 0 0 10px #656;
}
```
This is not particularly impressive, as you can create the same kind of border
by using the border property. However, the good thing about boxshadow is that we can have as many of them as we want, comma
separated. So, we can pretty easily add a second deeppink “border”
to the previous example:

> 

Reviewer: Redundant. Could be removed entirely.

```css
div{
   background-color:yellowgreen;

>    box-shadow: 0 0 0 10px #655, 0 0 0 15px deeppink;

Reviewer: Maybe easier to understand if you stay with color names for consistency? And unified spacing
```suggestion
   background-color: yellowgreen;
   box-shadow: 0 0 0 10px blue, 
               0 0 0 15px pink;
```

}
```
#### The shadow solution works quite well in most cases, but has a few caveats :
- Shadows don’t work exactly like borders, as they don’t affect layout and are
oblivious to the box-sizing property. However, you can emulate the extra

> space a border would occupy via padding or margins (depending on whether the shadow is inset or not).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Caveats :
- Shadows are oblivious to the box-sizing and therefore don’t affect layout. We can add the extra
space a border would occupy via margin or padding (for inset shadows).
```

- The method we demonstrated creates fake “borders” on the outside of
elements. These do not capture mouse events such as hovering or clicking.
If this is important, you can add the inset keyword to make the shadows
be drawn on the inside of your element. Note that you will need to add

> extra padding to produce sufficient spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These fake “borders” are outside of elements and won't capture mouse events such as hovering or clicking.
If required, use the **inset** keyword to make them appear inside. Add padding for sufficient spacing.
```
